This directory contains test suites for FramerD/FDScript.  All of the
tests in this directory should normally be passed before changes are
checked into CVS.

The file "alltest.scm" contains all the component tests and is used
when you do "make test" from the root directory.  In addition to
testing functionality and error-freeness, it tracks memory usage to
try and find leaking components (*).  In addition to Aubrey Jaffer's
R4RS scheme tests, the other files contain general checks and some
regression tests to make sure that old bugs haven't crept back in.

The file dbtest.scm is a mini FramerD application which builds up a
database of the files and expressions in the test suite and then tests
against this databases.  This test is normally run twice: once from
alltest.scm and once from the top level.  The alltest.scm test runs
within a single FDScript session; the run from top level is run in
several phases from different sessions, to make sure that the data is
really preserved across sessions.

The file server-test.sh makes a different fake database and starts
seven clients accessing it at once.  It is as close to a system wide
test as we get.

In addition to the component tests, which can be loaded all at once,
there are the beginnings of some systemic tests.  The hammer-brico.sh
script gives a brico server a really hard time by launching many
different processes hitting on the server.

(*) Regarding the leak tests, note that r4rstest.scm is expected to
leak a little because it does some circular list testing which
deceives our reference-counting GC.  In addition, threadtest.scm may
leak because it loses some pointers due to a test for the reality of
threading (e.g. the neccessity of locks).
